docs: re-organize docs and introduce docs on concepts (#329)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: docs/concepts/custom-resources.md

# Custom Resources

[Custom Resources][k8s-crd] in Kubernetes allows controllers
to extend Kubernetes-style
declarative APIs that are specific to certain application.

A few custom resources are bundled with Kong Ingress Controller to configure
settings that are specific to Kong and provide fine-grained control over
the proxying behavior.

Kong Ingress Controller uses the `configuration.konghq.com` API group
for storing configuration specific to Kong.

Following CRDs allow users to declaratively configure all aspects of Kong:

- [**KongIngress**](#kongingress)  
- [**KongPlugin**](#kongplugin)
- [**KongConsumer**](#kongconsumer)
- [**KongCredential**](#kongcredential)

## KongIngress

> Ingress resource in Kubernetes in a fairly narrow and ambiguous API, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ingress resource in Kubernetes is a fairly narrow and ambiguous API, and
```

doesn't offer resources to describe the specifics of proxying.
To overcome this limitation, `KongIngress` Custom Resource is used as an
"extension" to the existing Ingress API to provide fine-grained control
over proxy behavior.
In other words, `KongIngress` works in conjunction with
the existing Ingress resource and extends it.
It is not meant as a replacement to the `Ingress` resource in Kubernetes.
Using `KongIngress`, all properties of [Upstream][kong-upstream],
[Service][kong-service] and [Route][kong-route]
entities in Kong related to an Ingress resource can be modified.

Once a KongIngress resource is created, you can use `configuration.konghq.com`
annotation to associate the KongIngress resource with an Ingress or a Service
resource:

> - When the annotation is added too the Ingress resource, then the routing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the annotation is added to the Ingress resource, the routing
```

  the corresponding Service and Upstream in Kong are updated to use the
  `proxy` and `upstream` blocks as defined in the associated
  KongIngress resource.

The below diagram shows how the resources are linked
with one another:

![Associating Kong Ingress](../images/kong-ingress-association.png "Associating Kong Ingress")

## KongPlugin

Kong is designed around an extensible [plugin][kong-plugin]
architecture and comes with a
wide variety of plugins already bundled inside it.
These plugins can be used to modify the request/response or impose restrictions
on the traffic.

Once this resource is created, the resource needs to be associated with an
Ingress, Service or KongConsumer resource in Kubernetes.
For more details, please read the reference documentation on KongPlugin.

The below diagram shows how the KongPlugin resource can be linked to an
Ingress/Service or KongConsumer

|  |  |
:-:|:-:
![](../images/kong-plugin-association1.png)|![](../images/kong-plugin-association2.png)

## KongConsumer

This custom resources configures Consumers in Kong.
Every KongConsumer resource in Kubernetes directly translates to a
[Consumer][kong-consumer] object in Kong.

## KongCredential

> Once KongConsumer resource is created, credentials associated with the Consumer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a KongConsumer resource is created, credentials associated with the Consumer
```
